Add output mode in README.md (#77)
elastic/crd-ref-docs: README.md

    --templates-dir=templates/asciidoctor
```

Default output mode writes all data to a single output file. 
You can choose between single mode and group mode by specifying the output mode. 

> In group mode, separate files are created for each API group, ensure the specified output path is an existing directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In group mode, separate files are created for each API group, ensuring that the specified output path is an existing directory.
```
